your mind gets overloaded with tons of
information every single day so it just
takes a lot of things as fact even if
they are to really have you always
thought that ostriches bury their heads
in the sand or that Bulls hate the color
red then keep on watching for the most
common misconceptions out there
number 21 your big toe is the biggest
one take a look at your toes if your
second toe is longer than the big one
then you're pretty special my friend
only one in ten people has this
peculiarities and it's even got a name
Morton's toe in ancient Greece a foot
with Morton's toe was considered a sign
of beauty by the way the Statue of
Liberty has it too number 20 cologne was
invented for its pleasant scent
the first cologne was created by Italian
perfumer Johann Maria Farina in Cologne
Germany in 1709 the instructions on the
bottle said that this miracle water is
an antidote a cure for plague and
jaundice that it gives strength to women
in labour and alleviates ringing in the
ears well its capabilities might have
been a bit exaggerated the aromatic
tincture did have antiseptic properties
given that it contained alcohol but I
don't know about all that other stuff
number 19
Irish Coffee is from Ireland if Turkish
coffee comes from Turkey then Irish
Coffee must be from the United States
wait what yep it was invented in San
Francisco any local will tell you one of
the things that will never change about
this city is crowded cafes every Sunday
as people rush in for a cup of their
favorite Irish coffee as for Ireland tea
is a lot more popular there number 18
the 21st century began in the year 2000
you know that had one trick you can use
to tell what century it is like if the
year is nineteen something it's 20th
century eighteen something is the 90
century and so on well it makes sense
that the year 2000 would be the 21st
century right but according to the
Gregorian calendar the new era began in
the first year and there was no Year
Zero or the so called starting pole so
the 20th century lasted from 1901 to
2000 which means the 21st century began
in 2001 yeah let that sink in number 17
gladiators fought to the death Hollywood
movies often show gladiator fights as
bloody performances with only one
survivor left in the end the less
dramatic reality is that most fights
took place according to strict rules the
rivals had to match each other in terms
of physical size and appearance the
judges watched everything closely and as
soon as one of the warriors was
seriously injured the battle stopped
both gladiators could often leave the
arena with honours after a spectacular
show even if it is cut short number 16
meteorites fall to earth brand hot
another common scene on the big screen
is a red-hot meteorite that supposedly
fallen to earth but in reality 9 out of
10 meteorites are just cold rocks with
very low thermal conductivity only the
outside part of a meteorite gets burned
during its first few seconds of entering
the atmosphere plus the cold center
cools it down from the inside pretty
fast unless what's inside is a blob of
course so basically don't expect to fry
an egg on it or anything
it'll just be warm at best number 15 you
have to run away from a crocodile in a
zig zag one of the oldest tips for
surviving a crocodile attack is to run
away from it in zigzags since it's hard
for the animal to turn around quickly
and follow you this is completely
useless advice though because crocodiles
rarely attack from land besides the
average human could easily outrun an
alligator zigzagging
or not this reptile can only reach a
speed of about 11 miles per hour and it
can't maintain that for very long number
14 all women experience PMS a lot of
people assume that premenstrual syndrome
or PMS is something that happens to
every female every month right before
her period
but the Journal of women's health says
that about 80% of women have never
experienced PMS even in its mildest form
any bad mood or unstable emotional state
is more likely a coincidence than a
pattern number 13 when an elevator Falls
you have to jump up make sense right I
mean if you jump in your midair when the
elevator hits the ground then you're
safe well as long as you know exactly
when to jump and that's almost
impossible to predict because you're
inside the elevator and can't see when
it's about to smash into the floor even
if someone managed to pull it off an
elevator falls so fast that they'd
immediately hit their head on the
ceiling of the cabin number 12 you can
control whether or not your baby will be
a boy or a girl
the earliest known calendar that
supposedly helps future parents plan
what their baby will be was invented in
China it took into account the phases of
the Moon and the peculiarities of a
woman's body but in 2010 US scientists
analyzed these Chinese calculations and
concluded that this source is about as
reliable as flipping a coin according to
experts as of now there is no 100% sure
way you can actually control if your
baby will be a boy or a girl
number 11 silver objects purify water
from bacteria this statement holds some
truth because silver does have
antibacterial properties however just
putting something silver in the water
whether it's a spoon chain or coin won't
cut it because there aren't enough
silver ions to get that cleansing effect
number 10 green and black tea leaves are
collected from different bushes all
types of tea green black white and so on
grow on the same bush they just get
their specific tastes and appearances
after the leaves are harvest
it's all about the different processes
of leaf drying and fermentation number
nine a night owl can't become an early
bird actually it's totally possible
you just have to avoid using any digital
devices before bedtime because the blue
light they emit suppresses the secretion
of melatonin the hormone that makes us
sleepy give this tip a try and you'll
fall asleep much earlier and thus wake
up early enough to get that worm number
eight an ostrich hides its head in the
sand when in danger these animals just
bend down to the sand to eat it not bury
their head in it swallowing it along
with small pebbles helps their digestion
number seven you can't wake a
sleepwalker nope you can and in fact
should wake a sleepwalking person if
they're about to do something risky that
might hurt them or someone else in any
other case it's better to gently guide
them back to bed number six you can see
the Great Wall of China from space the
Great Wall of China is invisible to the
naked eye from space
however some human-made constructions
such as the ancient Pyramids at Giza
our number five goldfish have a really
bad memory ever been told you have the
memory of a goldfish can't remember huh
well scientists now believe that these
fish can remember for up to five months
and are even responsive to training sit
stay good fishy number four people gain
weight during cold seasons gotta lose
this winter weight we all tell ourselves
that one don't we but a 2014 study by
Austrian researchers showed the exact
opposite cold weather makes people
shiver so it actually helps them lose
weight and that's because shivering like
physical exercise burns body fat so if
you take it easy on the holiday meals
you should be thinner in winter than you
are in the summer
number three Bulls hate the color red
whatever you do don't wear red to a
bullfight because the bull will not even
notice actually bulls are color blind to
read and agree so they can't even see it
as for what sends them into a charging
frenzy in the ring hits the Matadors
movements they consider a threat not as
red maleta
number two dogs see everything in black
and white for a long time that's thought
that dogs see the world like one big
old-timey movie but recent studies
suggest that dogs actually have colored
vision it's just not as bright as a
person sight they see the world mostly
in yellow blue and gray hues number one
lightning doesn't strike the same place
twice that's how the old saying goes
right well I wouldn't count on it too
much next time you're looking for a
place to hide during a storm lightning
doesn't have any sort of memory and
there are plenty of accounts when the
same building was hit more than once if
you know any other facts that turned out
to be false leave them down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to always stay on the
bright side of life